"So... I'll just put you down as not-quite-as-white-as-I-accept".
protest just got 10 days longer
This is how the world ends, not with a bang, but with a Pepe.
"How'd you like to *deflate these balls*"
and Claudio
Good.
dude still probably hasn't recovered
Yeah, those kids who can't eat peanuts without dying or milk without diarrhea, or the rare kid who can't eat gluten without other problems, they should just stay at home like they deserve.
This is why mom left
I mean if you guys still don't understand what you did to him then I don't think you'll ever get it.
My favorite part is the veil at the burial.
Them hips don't lie.
He got too distracted by that hot piece of ass
I think a significant amount would be against spending their tax dollars on other people.
My boss spawns every monday at 9 am.
Two words - John fucking Moss.
Never underestimate the enemy - no matter how stupid they are
That'd be hilarious to just blow up some party spots with a book on tape or some 1940s big band music.
One must be on drugs to catch someone on drugs.
It's just coughing and weird faces.
Ohhhhh Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss
I met Kane when he was wrestling at our towns fair as Diesel, we were getting his autograph and one of the guys in line asked for him to sign it Isaac Yankem to which he got an "f off"
He's really riding that pussy.
I really really wish the "dodged a bullet there" comment worked in this case.
I havea birthmark that looks like Boba Fett's spaceship.
lots of comments below that this isn't cringeworthy, but for me the bad acting *was* the cringe.
Looks like he just saw the three Christmas Spirits
You can turn that shit off.
Alt universe McCauley Culkin?
Hey, I remembered something!
Scared to come out maybe?
Everyone dies near the beginning?
If you don't have 3 you're doing something wrong.
there are a lot of opinions you'll see on reddit that you won't hear from that exact same person in real life.
imbarusing gramar
So most of the great powers from the 19th-20th century...?
Smoke weed
Oh man, oh man I don't know what's going on....
I like when the juice just dribbles down your chin and you gotta scoop it up with your finger and lick it all off.
those biscuits are hers, touch them and she might stab you
What a true feat of ~~German~~ human engineering
Ayy bb wassup, it makes a bit more sense in context
Hoiberg said "great players", not Dwight
"But this is just caused by muh goburnment intervention, dirty corporatists"
I mean they did vote for the party that preaches "personal responsibility."
The confusion of a Trump presidency will probably be worse.
Looks like 2 Americans to me.
Thanks, took me a while
for the people taking this comment seriously, the Hollywood star was the 7th
Well........ that didn't take long.... I haven't seen millions clock over that fast since the good old days of 2013 when LTI-on-everything was ending on all OB/VB purchases.
The key is to not go down Harrow if you know how horrible it is.
ctf is fucking awful
Whether he won because of his racism or in spite of it, neither is very comforting.But if this was really just a rebuke of the status quo, then why did most establishment Republicans keep their seats?
Bingo.
Lucio time travelled to when he had short hair Duh
Customers never respect stores closing It is always about what they want Most have no clue how that second can totally throw off a closing shift and they really don't care :/
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump his ass when he hops
Yes, absolutely.
You forgot Scylla.
&lt;3
You've just been nominated for Trump's AG
what the fuck
More whistle!
Best case scenario, you lose your job and the only people that believe you are 'conspiracy theorists' anyway.
This would likely be more effective than goggles, as it would also prevent particulate matter from flying at the face in the first place.
The best wall-music experience I have ever had was going to see Roger Water's The Wall.
DON'T YOU WANT ME PEPE
I quit at the farm
my last name is simpson irl and you gave me quite a frighten before i remembered the yellow-people show
Definitely going in my Brago deck to hunt up swords - blink - sword - blink - sword - blink - sword :-D :-D :-D by your powers combined....he is captain voltron!
Possibly, however, the internet is definitely opening our eyes to sexuality at a much younger age.
The best part is that this is what they were demanding, roflmao!
To be fair those "about me" papers are a lot harder to write than a lot of other things.
Guys, it's a troll account.
Whenever he claims to not know someone, just assume he does.
I think this was the at-bat that solidified my respect/hate for Andrew Miller, that gangly fuck.
It's like people forget he's been in the league 13 years
In 2012 I was shitting my pants at this point as the polls were really tight.
It could blow up my pc fam to important
At this point they're so stable I could build a house out of em
Your zionist overlords say it is.
Obligatory Satou
Yeah bring back the dank cheese full crit Vamana with goldenbow strats
One of the older NITs.
More like a late night mustache ride.
Is the Fallout sub literally just a FNV dick sucking sub now?
because it's what really bothers him... and it's a sign of weakness.
Zip lines are cool, but I'm more interested in what appears to be a swimming pool underneath her that is larger than my hometown.
ty papa bless
Why are they promoting the ad-ridden, non material, shill weather channel instead of weather timeline
I agree it makes the most persistent coffee rings on anything it touches.
Venting all the way *vent vent vent*
Damn I was hoping God was real
Smoke some weed, I guess.
It was never approved because it wasn't material designed
yeah, god forbid jesse look out for his fans by removing an abusive asshole who was disturbing the experience for the rest of the crowd.
Yeah, that part of the video got a real weird porn vibe to it.
Threads from PCMasterRace are kinda cheating.
We have the best celebrities
El Rotoplas
I would love if they all spoke in turn and switched their LEDs from blue to red and back again.
Yeah, but when your handle is detachable, you lose a lot of the stability of the pot, sure they can try and make it safe as they want, but that's not gonna change the nature of what they're doing
Damn, didn't know Samsung made VRMs aswell
The best advices always come from the best usernames.
Where do you live lmao
Their *existence* is worth it, but they still need heavy reforms.
Why do you think Zezima is a girl?
Funny how the media chose to never bring it up this election
In archery, if at full draw their elbow is below their heart.
Marvalz challenge
What a great Patrick Kane Review.
provocateur strat
m'edic.
He was clearly intimidated by the cars and was merely standing his ground.
Other than his stance on border security and extreme vetting on people immigrating from countries where ISIS currently reside and operate from, what makes Trump a racist monster?
The seasons before they did this were absolute worst seasons they ever made
It was on a ballot and the people in Austin spoke.
He's gotta be a doggo, puppers aren't s'posed to drink
Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
"Just wait, gimme a sec"
"Made people aware of the danger they were in and forced them to industrialize" This is I D E O L O G Y at its purest.
E
"X president will ruin the world, buy gold.?"
I might have dropped this:
it put me in debt
The character Indiana Jones WAS loosely based on a real explorer, but his adventures were a tad exaggerated.
jokes on you im upvoting you
GOOD memory, just like my grandson.
Oh the irony...
Is no one else slightly terrified that Trump can tweet and cause stocks to drop at will?
Gotta save our children from the dangers of text on a screen in a rhythm game
Henry
Sam Wang?
Ho ho ho... But Melania said that there is no way it could have happened because she didn't know the woman!
Tang in a Mocha
We definitely have "discipline", but a lot of good that's doing us
Sympathy: I have none.
/\
I feel like Trump doesn't even realize why this is wrong....
asking twitchchat about legal actions is like asking hitler how to handle the refugee crisis in Europe
Right, but I don't think it makes sense to compare the mars vehicle to the shuttle with the booster attached
I read it on facebook it must be true!
Yes, Switzerland's black ops are pulling off special operations all around the world protect its citizens high standard of living.
Oh shit IRL Piggy Man
Just go to the r/theocho for your sports needs
Must be a freshman.
Papa bless
And about 100 times more expensive
The Switch actually looks pretty cool
*fetuses
Because they're not real human beings with actual feelings, according to the videos put together by the GB.......
Keep the dog dump the dude is the only answer dog owners ever need.
They aren't speaking English,
Maar wie zwijgen lopen de kans niets te krijgen!
That is a great idea, i might try it soon!
mind giving a summery of the *studipest plot decisions I've seen a TV show make in recent Memory* (never watched the show, just curious)
You don't have to use the topic as a soapbox for how much you hate "political correctness."
HOT SAUCE
Does Gaspen in 6-1 count?
All SERE School grads?
The answer to your second question is 100% - (the answer to your first question).
So viral in fact that bullshit is coming out of both ends.
Don't leave me hanging man
Hillary Clinton is a saint
Fuck anyone from NJ
Sliding Baez down seems like a good move.
ED is incredibly grindy, in my experience :-/
SEC wins count twice to the committee
Sturt?
We can't read anything on your blurry photo
Well hopefully Lemieux and tkachuk go at it for years to come.
Would ya look at that spiky boy
THE TURKEY WAS HIGH, AND I WAS HIGH, TOO
But it's her turn, plus it's a woman President!
I went to google images and holy shit!
Depends on where you are at.
Happy littles trees.
Oh my god I love doing this.
I could use one of those tools.
run run pass punt
YOU HAVE A JOB TO DO
How about a No Lives Matter, for the incurably misanthropic?
They gave us 71 free packs, that's not an opinion, it's a fact
The issue many people have with it is that it targets a lot of other things too - by the phrasing of the law, caffeine, alcohol and nicotine are the only substances that can be used to create any kind of physiological effect, which is just nonsense.
Yes we want more American born Russian hackers and brides.
Its on one of the highlights because we threw a TD that play.
And Christie will be in charge of all McDonald's runs until his prison sentence begins.
A Horny Harambe.
probably lol
That weird screech cry will always make me laugh
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WIKILEAKS MENTION ON NATIONAL TV
only good thing about consoles is their controllers i really like playing with a xbox controller on pc but thats partly because my desk is shit so when i play with keyboard/mouse i sit so close to the monitor it makes my eyes hurt after a while lol.
"Said"
They would also have to accept as valid blocks they don't even know how to parse, if enough miners accept them.
A lil HEL-O
r/catsstandingup
Already broken... just recently read about couple found similar fashion been dead est 5000-6000 years.
DUTCHY SCORES AT HOME!
It's a survey of people who've already voted.
She should just get out of the way so the spoiled, corrupt, tax-dodging, draft-dodging, groping, lying, alleged child rapist can be president.
Aww.
w00p w00p
How is he streaming non gaming content so often yet is still around?
Fight or fuck?
The joke just soared over your head
Napalm, first thing in the morning.
466
cant go wrong with yahudi and DAP ....Soros as well
TBH, that giant dent was probably made by the glacier itself.
1985 Yugo HAHAHA
Kala ko ba sabi nya dati China at Russia na ang tutulong sa Pinas?
You and me both, I've been pretty uptight about Disney and Star Wars since I'm a fan old the old EU, but I have seen what disney has done to Star Wars and do say I don't disagree with what they've done with it.
Them spokes on the rims are pimp though
L
Bots don't send their best people.
Sometimes I wonder how there's still anything left to burn in those bombed out buildings.
SJWs can't get paying jobs... That's why they want $15 an hour at McDonalds...
Language, Cap... such a hypocrite
More like they hate other people's freedoms when they down align with their beliefs... which is pretty much every "Religious Freedom" legislation.
But I was just saying it would be interesting to use a book as a pillow since it's made of silk
At any time I look forwards to getting more people to see the power, **the true power of Medivh** For real, motherfucker's got it all, from utility to damage to making the enemy tear their lungs out.
We have everything to lose by letting those in power keep doing what they're doing.
The problem with this is how bad the AI is, you'd still never get a good feel for how the deck might fare in the meta.
This is intended, iframes provide no protection from sudden death fog.
Well when calexit happens you will be welcomed as a refugee as someone who yearns to shoot a (real) AR-15 freely.
Thanks for the support man :)
point is that is pretty crazy to omit them even now
uhhhh NBCSN, that was definitely not our first successful coach's challenge
It's possible to get below -99?
Wait, yesterday she said she felt great.
...that probably can be revealed by paternity testing.
Oh look, here's messenger lite so you can stop complaining
well that was what i was going for so mission accomplished
Dent them until they get narrow and make the net bigger
If we are looking at it from an Eastern Europer POV, yes you are fucking rich.
It is, just separatists being dumb-shits as always.
Have you no shame?
that's not a very nice thing to say about Susan Sarandon
There is such a thing as being a shitty manager, you know.
I've had luck just using spray cans of clear coat.
Umm, he can't donate more than $2700 to her
just in time for trump to take it all away!
I think that works better on Grant Morrison
Yes but that has nothing to do with the fact BLM is a terrorist organization.
They have an agenda.
no, you's a pronoun
congratulations now everyone sees your motorcycle as a motorcycle for midlifing losers
Which you'd need to buy a subscription to play multiplayer.
can't watch it and get into heaven son, that's stealing :(
Are you proud or something?
You can't get mad at the racism in the title and then tell someone who is offended by the word "faggot" to fuck off because it doesn't mean what they think it means.
Isn't that like illegal?
Not sure if you meant to imply you don't have a reddit account, or don't have an amazon account... But I interpreted it as the latter and found it quite funny that you would just lurk on Amazon but never buy anything.
What happened at the show?
i guess its to avoid copyright stuff?
i dont even know what this is.
HEY LIMP BIZKIT IS PRETTY GOOD I LIKE THE SONG WHERE THEY SAY "ITS ALL ABOUT THE HE SAID SHE SAID BULLSH!T" BECAUSE I THINK THATS A GOOD COMMENTARY ON MODERN COMMUNICATION ANYWAY WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE LIMP BIZKIT SONG
No Juno needs a buff... she sucks.
You should see Yuge's battlecry, its amazing, the best!
Hey looking here, a moron romanticising traitors!
That's like having an inquiry into murdered and maimed black boys and not looking at the 'hood.
I'm glad you left too!
Putin just needs to donate to the Clinton Foundation
Pretty sure a lot of people are annoyed by TSM fans too :c
I'm just going to subsist on G Fuel all weekend.
I'm sensing some bitterness for being a fan of a team that's been a basement-dweller for the past 2 decades
I wish I knew I liked biology better so I would have done that instead, hahaa.
On average, how often do you meme?
Must be so hard to have a losing season
I honestly wouldnt mind if DE decided to take a look at all weapons that were "X weapon but worse in every way" and give them some unique mechanic so that we dont just have like 20-30 useless weapons compared to the others.
Google might be a great place to try typing in that question for an answer faster .
He's not saying it's NV's fault, just that they had an easy three matches to qualify compared to some other teams.
Maybe Fox *really* doesn't like coaching in the city of Chicago?
Fresh Squeezed IPA = delicious
Currently in stat and holy shit this just helped enormously in getting the concept of P tests down
it was.
It's a drop in the bucket in terms of spending and is a solid investment for infrastructure in the long term.
There's been counties where it does come down to one vote, especially in close swing states.
"a matter of great principle"... This will not fare well for Mike Baird.
Glenn
And they're always thankful even though I probably gave them worthless shit
No way...I just got first place in the Fast Egg Shaped Piece of Animal Skin Filled With Air Carrying Competition at nationals
hmm.....dumpster donalds entire campaign was a play book on white identity politics
Western Europe is, it's the East that could be destabilized.
Yeah dude, just approach random people from your college like an idiot, after all that's how relationships are formed.
I hope this is sarcasm, otherwise you'll probably look just like the idiot you are.
They were underdogs earlier today, but since Gronk's announcement this afternoon, the Vegas line has moved to patriots -1
Mine auto renewed without asking me the other day.
New
r/fuckyouididthemath
I can't wait until @potus starts a twitter war against Morning Joe.
gotta love the teachers who give exams on the day after halloween
I couldn't even breathe for a few seconds after reading this because I was laughing so hard.
Easy now, no need to get carried away
Grab a coat for these patriots!
Mr Garrison is the next President.
i can't believe they'd do it.
Hank would have a great time in the Legends of Tomorrow.
Theocracies are scary as hell.
Went to pay respects, girlfriend became zombie.
I keep saying we need to better our inner-city schools.
Central Perks - you'll make new friends there
Yeah, the movie about succumbing to despair and committing apostasy is Christian propaganda.
PLEASE tell him to stop ignoring my responses to his emails.
I wish for a 13 inch pianist
Too bad you didn't fight harder for all the folks who voted for you in 2010.
I tend to agree with you, but the puppeteers can be 'persuasive'.
Came here to say this.
Nobody cares.... Trump won.. Go Spam some other sub with this BS.
On your computer.
The sense of humour is basically the same... That's what gets me
The Apprentice
Well I have yet to play P5, but P4 made me reconsider how I view both myself and others, so there's that
Isaiah Thomas over Boogie?
"Do you like gladiator movies?"
Thank you for your service.
Everyone is healthy, all else is superfluous.
Stop turning up so much smh
If your daughter is an infant, my wife swears by cluster feeding in the hours before she goes to bed.
It's ridiculous, I don't like privatization, but if they were competent I would have taken it.
Apart from any toxicity or fumes, that stuff is super slippery!
Cause he wouldn't share with the kids in the Xfinity Series?
Man, that sounds terrifying!
The deplorables are revolting!
I'm going to be annoyed if players next year will be able to get Plague Doctor Izzy at a reduced price if it is in a chest.
From the Yeezus Album, listen to Black Skinhead.
Wat
Are those two things mutually exclusive... lol?
Anything is better.
Turnip Power?
You do have to contend with the retard strength once you catch them, though.
The important part is that they all hate capitalism more
i was SUPER BUMMED thatW was"elected" in 2000, but i would NEVER, EVER EVERRRRRR disrespect the President - ANY US POTUS in such a way.
Yea that isn't demeaning to women at all...
Which one has the trashiest tattoos?
9P starts with 20 and can upgrade to 23 and then 37, 9UT starts with 23 and upgrades to 37, then 45.
Then don't downgrade if you want to play with everyone else?
Is your dad a cat?
He's gonna build a wall and make the dogs pay for it
Chron pretty much scrapes Reddit like Buzzfeed and all those clickbait sites do.
**WITNESSED**
It's probably the least "cheap" production literally EVER in a TV show.
Because name something less important to bitch over.
Are you actually defending Hitler?
None
how expensive?
Yeah.. but you're not a 16 year old girl?
Article says he left the company...but yeah, more to this story.
Are we neighbors?
They're pretty solid, I don't see them gaining much popularity in general though.
Improved - Wennberg, asserting himself this year and his play has improved the guys on the ice with him Regressed - Murray - projected 1D that has become an after thought bc of the improvement of the rest of the D. Misplays a lot of pucks, scrambles a lot and is invisible when he's not doing that.
i guess this is my life now...
No Country for Old Men
Would you say he's better than Chipper or Prime Longoria?
Is that Android Studio?
r/thathappened
Some brands this is actually how they tell you to prepare it, like pancit Canton.
The tables have turned..., stop trying to one up everyone
Woah, man!
We all know Hanzo is super original and clearly the first Japanese bow character ever
If only this could have been prevented :(
Gee I wonder
Didn't need to be a 60 minutes stand alone episode
This comment makes me so hungry
Moire sesh
Fournette is injured and his coach told him to sit and prepare for the draft instead of playing and potentially aggrevating a leg injury, but yeah.
Exactly what I thought.
These are the Daves of our lives
Pants, feels, what's the difference?
You work for the Legion?
You look like the offspring that would come out if the two main characters from "Up" were related by blood.
Magnetic Bullets... you can clearly see them go back up into the gun ;)
Nice bat-and-switch...
"The Gang Blows a Tire"
Price :)
PSA: Use ublock origin.
Even Brad Guzan and Ozzy Osbourne?
NC and NH.
Blade Mastery+Masamune or GTFO!
I would love to see him at lolla.
noted.
Pre-Flashpoint Clark and Lois.
Jesus is a FNAF fan confirmed
Kiiiiiiiil me
wow it is totally unreasonable to assume that the agency that covered up Bush war crimes because "muh republican party" would be partisan as fuck
I believe you can buy just the Happy Meal toys for $1.99 each
Found the Steins Gate fan.
If you're buying something at only 20% off, you dun goofed.
Why would anyone ever think she talks shit about young people in private?
While I'm no fan of Bo1s (and I hate tournaments without winner and loser bracket as the second best team may very well end up 5-8th) this isn't the reason why a team should fail a groupstage.
That jawline tho
Oh come on
SPOILERS!
I totally agree!
About tree fiddy
Imagine doing that shit in a forest or park at night Fuck
*suicide watch*
Quick someone photoshop Scooby as a puppy.
They are automatically taken away and they give you a low amount of salvage
as much as i hate the liberals i have to give them credit for intervening here
lets hope this 'Swindle' is a perpetual check and not a surprise mating ;)
And even wars such as Egyptian Unification war, a whopping 5316 years ago (Ish)
Which silencer?
t_d shitposter please go
So was Metal Gear.
That would be my guess since he funds these types of campaigns in the first place.
~~I think, therefore~~ I am
Love and support.
"Attention Safeway shoppers, Fred's EBT card was DECLINED!"
Will this have any effect on valuation of Rupee against Dollar?
blew slighty more air through nose than usual, thx
Hanley wants to DH though.
i do wonder what would have happened had this incident not received a lot of public attention..
Best argument ever against this type of hypocrisy!
Those tennis grunts were quite cringey.
lol @ whoever replied to me that this would get 0 reaction earlier
Yes
If she's already agreed to step down, isn't this just piling on?
Have you ever heard of a Donkey Show?
Wtf I thought that McD's wrote that song
How about Marcos Rojo?
There's no way you could eat that many, this calls for a contest!
I liked it for the first half
Plenty of people win the lottery every year and don't accomplish shit.
Freshman year: Chem, Physics, Calc Sophomore year: Boolean logic Junior year: Boolean logic again + a shitload of labs Senior year: Argue about notation
Rekt
If you enjoyed the 1st Season, and want to see everything MCU, then yeah.
he drives around the world and gets all the glory?
Update your profile and prl.
Well the EU commission wants a army within 5 years, so by the time people want to go out they might have a actual EU army keeping them in by force...
amen discretion motherfuckers, learn some.
top quality shitpost
As long as he keep getting top ten recruits every year i don't see him getting let go.
Auto-kick cheaters is the default lobby option and I guarantee the majority of hosts are not going to intentionally disable it.
r/holdmyturban
We can't have nice things, so you can't either.
She accidentally deleted his email
Crushed it.
You are free to agree with him
Also, he talks a lot about BLM.
Will do :d
Carrots, lettuce, sugar snap peas, red/green peppers, blackberries/raspberries, cucumbers, water, pen, pineapple, apple, pen.
Never gonna give you up
It's scheduled for 3PM PST -- so roughly 2 hours, 38 minutes from now.
This is ridiculous!
Pitta has a great matchup, but Eifert is the clear guy here.
I would leave a fedora on your tombstone.
god i wish he was 8 years younger wed be fucking set.
That's "Old America " talk... "new amerika" is a workers paradise where streets are paved with gold and every citizen will be millionaire and have beautiful model wife and finest motor car surrounded by huge wall
He has the shot to make it work
Add some walking to the calorie cutting too!
What is Still Processing?
Sweet, tax cuts coming soon!
Millions$$$$$
Violence.
Soon you will get to wear your flair again.
Oh, but didn't you know, being in a relationship means you totally have to just put up with their broke ass being a broke ass all the time?
btw if people want to try this however, you can wear the charged tome of fire (only takes 1 page to charge) and mist battlestaff to get infinite air water and fire runes.
Spotted the Canadian
CS 1.6, Source and GO Cities skylines Getting steep in a bit.
sure you can remove the hdd and get a bigger ssd.
You're right we should never build anything ever because it might fail at some point and cause problems.
But her niece isn't running yet
Kek
I'll never hear the end of being called cute, will I?
You were being misled in high school.
fuck this is a good deal
This is how I am going to explain it next time someone asks me why they need pilots.
Something relevant to what I know of him and his personal interests, and not something recommended by strangers on the internet who don't know us.
Keep alienating 65% of the electorate, worked so well in 2016
Maybe it was shared on Robber number 2's channel?
Gotta support the reasonably priced local brews that don't taste like piss
Sure why not, just know that the pay day isn't going to be that big
Did she blame "lying" Hillary Clinton and then deny saying it later?
So this is literally that episode of South Park where Cartman gets put through the tunnel?
seriously...seems like it would be done pretty quickly by the family of one of his victims.
Well it's damn good when I use it
Kirito is Cute I'm Not joking
r/titlegore
Clean hit.
After blast, after cruise
They also have to worry about some higher up breaking their balls about unduly allowing a plane to be destroyed without trying to save it
300% ld
The Oxford comma is against my work style guidelines, so naturally I slip it in surreptitiously everywhere that I can.
Why thank you, based non-subbed, individual.
By Trump-Logic, as displayed many times, that number is actually 8 million votes.
They know they want to, just need some pushing I guess
I'm going to have to remove this for rule #1.
The daily crystals you get more than payout a sim tix shipment.
Obama's face is the best thing about this picture
Drink
Back in the 80's and very early 90's that wasn't bad.
Well that, tagged with the Democrats condemnation of racism, especially at the federal level.
There is no legal standpoint, the school administration can with few limits bar whoever they want from the property.
I've noticed my level 10+ construction pawns struggle to build even good items in A16, never mind superior or above.
Only about 60% of states have this law though
Be honest with yourself get control of your emotions plan in concrete and keep your intention clear
Im more curious of how the coffee is burnt
That is helpful to know, since sometimes people have strong preferences for one or the other but won't explain why or actually do a side-by-side test.
If i run it again, itll replace it with a new cert and invalidate the old one
The videos, photos, testimony, and written records, of the Holocaust and Japan's units in China.
Sandstorm
Protecting Drouin after a nasty looking hit.
Try washing the shirts inside out, that's what I do.
'this too, shall pass'
It just never stops being funny guys.
He also didn't mention that the 430 has STB levels of trash gun handling so chai sniping is hard
fucking thank you
cocaine
the addition of Axomamma the goddess of potatoes thats all i want
Ama is weak early but is a teamfight monster shlong is good early with his basic attack damage and have some utility latevgame with his ult
Damn Karma whores
Luca Sbisa.
Snuck up.... on Princess's star pupil... She just walked up behind her with a big axe and bashed her brains in.
Clipping your nails, keeping your hair under control and wearing clean clothes is not excessive...
Spoilers, but from what I understood (from the explanations I looked up after watching it, lol), the entire movie was pretty much a fantasy of the main character because in real life she was envious that she wasn't chosen to be the famous actress, and so the entire movie up until the box is her "fantasy" in which everything goes her way and she is the star, as well as a coping mechanism that explains why she didn't get the part (like having to go help her friend right before her audition.)
un anglofob!
NFL already came out and said this incident will not affect his playing status.
The experts have have been wrong about everything though.
Fake news joke
Bruh if I knew
Well fuck...
A joke?
They only spawn units like crazy if their scout discover your city and manage to get back to a camp.
*
That's just the Wi-Fi making you say those things
Randia ka favourite (ya second favourite) politician hai aakhir kaar.
I cursed you
How about just teach Nate to check kicks?
Use Strava
You do realize only Genuine sets are for sale, and the price for normal ones would prolly drop to say 2 dollars or lesser i guess.
His popularity rating has somehow gone up to, a lot of people seem to just not care.
Sh...should we tell him?
Re-signed.
I'm picturing the SNL skit now.
Aw man I miss hearing grandpa-isms like that!
Fuck man I can't figure out how to get those sweet fumes :(
you know, if I were a pro, I'd practice 16 hours a day for 5 years straight, especially after single handedly throwing the world championship away after being carried to the group stage.
Sadly I would've had the same trial as Mina and just hand over the stone, cuz I'm a filthy hippie.
And they have epic lightsaber duels with dinosaurs.
But Snowbowl is opening in 9 days!
Ba dum tss
Vince misses tf out of this guy
'memba thatfuckinguyoverthere?
And they were the same person
I reckon lambda man likes alpha, beta, and delta men.
I wish Schumer and Reid had not endorsed Keith Ellison, it has me given me pause and rethink Ellison as chair.
Trick or treating in general is just weird...
You don't have to, you have a good build, buy games or save it
Great idea!
why you fail me, my precious?
She hugs him back tightly, burying her head into the space between his collar bone and shoulder.
Conservatism as an ideology is for sure a reaction to liberalism, but that is not to say it has not developed into something other than that since its conception.
Maybe not control, but certainly that is evidence of collusion.
This would make me cry.
At first I thought it was instructions on fixing a car.... It wasn't.
This guy, there's no way he isn't trolling, right?
Side of a Bullet is fucking great.
Even about that round of golf?
My stuffed animal I've had since I was born.
I only watched the first 20 mins bc I fell asleep but in that time he already had drank a Coke Zero and had opened a diet Mountain Dew
1571049
How I'm considered an asshole because I let people know that most of the shit they do or have is because of a trend that'll die out in a month.
Try talking to the department head
2 CC3 + 2 CC2s for Loopers.
Aftermarket mods tho
For me, it's suce... success that give me the most trouble.
is it worth it to go for mushroom stews?
Yes, but each battle, 10 3112 Snorlax will last more than a minute
John Lott is a hack an the only people who give him credence are those that want to keep any safety regulations away from guns.
I believe ForeVs playing offlane
That fan is backwards.
Should have been a lunatic you get to build a pyramid for your cat.
most wow players are peasants, so thats not really a good argument here, and calling stealing a reference is scummy as fuck, referencing includes changing it to the point were its recognizable but still has its own uniqueness, like dark souls references berserk without directly putting in guts
The hell is that face in the middle left
Yeah, it's not enough like COD for you.
Oh, I never realized it was so easy, why had I, and every other lonely person on earth never thought of that before?
Which is still a really good deal
In the days after 9/11, America appeared quite united against *another* common threat...
BMW drivers
I haven't tried henna.... Mainly because it's so permanent, I don't think I'm up for that kind of commitment haha.
Lime Neptunes + add for gt?
1,512,798
I honestly wouldn't mind that
Buy Pepe
Price for PSTV is going up?
I know the devs have no plans to nerf DS right now, but I bet they do in the next few patches
Your bf sounds like he might have an extra chromosome or two
Female Jim Jones...on target !
We didn't say they were sober fans.
He tore one getting in, and the other after refusing help to the back
Careful what you wish for, Aldon Smith comes back and the Raiders still need to play you guys at mile high.
Sorry, didn't mean to.
395 titan ozymandias_3
Making arrows worse sure
Like 250 --300 at most
You don't get the life insurance payout either.
What is up with Joe's reaction to andy Ogle getting KO'd by Amir?
Test dummy bot?
all of which is irrelevant to whether or not Assange self imposed his detention or whether the government "arbitrarily" did
I figure the alt-Right would have a field day.
Wtf lmaoo
Bang bang bang
No problem, thank *you* :)
Isn't it kinda obvious the way we immediately traded down after the Rams traded up for Goff?
i love tom i love the gif i love that i... still don't get it, none of the angles so far make sense
Oh, you bastard.
r/tf2shitposterclub
I imagine they are small marks and if you weren't looking for them wouldn't see them.
JUST LET ME INTO YOUR MIND AFTON
Exactly, no reason whatsoever.
Let me guess, in the modern times of social justice, he's now black, gay and a midget.
The Beat grandfinals and throws
Hard to convey sarcasm over the Internet
You say that but I could see a very hefty guerrilla warfare campaign that would make invading Alaska very expensive for any other state to try and wage.
cooking is
I reccomend buying physical games If you plan on sharing them between your kids
"And for our final, most requested Nintendo Switch launch title... *Custer's Revenge HD*!"
No, I am not
Bulletstorm 2 get hyped.
I recommend uninstalling the old drivers before you install the new ones as well :)
(pls don't kill me)
Does the diamond cap come w/ Tags?
durid bare is for fite kat is for scrats chikken is for lazer tree is for greens
Dope i should google tbh but I'm hapf studying half redditing and I don't want to go down the wiki path of distraction.
Yeah, me too...I didn't enjoy it much, although I do enjoy them seperately
I remember reading all of those stories in the news about riot police marching into the Volvo head offices with truncheons and beating the designers until they invented the seatbelt.
**KEK GUIDES US**
talk about my penis
dairy
Because not **all**.
blocked for being a moron
If you can smell it is releasing stuff
Because you wanna stack as early as possible, to start getting power and mana online.
Obligatory "just buy the god pack" comment.
The Cupertino Combination Headphone and Charger Ports
Anyone know what part of the VOD this would be from?
I think he misspelled "Speed"
So goblins retargeting is a hiccup?
I mean in the general context, that there was the French bribery scandal going on and French football as a whole had some problems.
Or is this just fantasy
*their
And they're not even pronounced the same way.... well not by lazy Brits anyway.
may i ask how you got a bunch of dead tracers?
Dude have you not heard of the Lions legend Armbrisster?
TIL
For those wondering, those are not my pictures :P. However, I did want to pick epic landscapes given the artist name and the epicness of this mix :D
Ok
damn bro injuries sux
I don't really know the exact models but have you looked at crown hookah glass bowls?
You on kazoo
At my graduation ceremony from IU last December , the guest speeker literally said in her speech "I think Republicans are the worst", and spent her whole time pushing her agenda on us.
Whilst knowing that what they were doing was illegal.
Probably about 120 miles
If someone is going faster than me I move to the right lane to let them pass, and then move back over to the passing lane.
San Francisco
Seriously, it's like WWE...
If there is any unspoken rule, it would probably be: screw everyone else.
I blame you for not being in the thread.
Thanks dude!
Why would I want to downgrade?
Arcade Models: Scott Cawthon, yinyanggio1987 Arcade Screen: GlitchedPie
There's probably some kind of national archive that you could use.
no, Galio stacks magic resistance but Ryze deals mana damage
They made a new one now
they probably are i just always forget to use them.
Are they actually beating them though?
I removed like 2 links between the 2 for comedic effect, one was the hot page of the sub.
i just unlocked the full tempest traitline and can't believe it isn't unanimously agreed that overloading air is the single greatest spell in the game
You must deliver on this!
Idiots all around are judging your partriotism based on which movie you picked to watch this friday.Shit is getting crazier.
"allahu akbar" - god
I think this guy blows fat clouds.
Sure, where to?
that editing gave me cancer
Nicklas Bendtner
And we would argue about which kind of barbecue to give you.
Free weekend happened.
Geoff chuckling like a child is so god damn awesome
There isn't one.
I've been a horny virgin teen before and never did I wish to be locked in a cupboard of IKEA with them overnight... so not so much bud
Feeeeeeemales!
True but this book is the wrong shape and look at the back, that's obviously one of those author description pages
And of course that responding to Trump's brand of hate with violence is escalation and actually detrimental, unlike with the far worse Nazis.
out event assignments are already posted in the back on the board near personal
Apple mark 1
Just let the tires down on their mobility scooters or smear pie gravy in your pubic hair.
Goodbye.
I want to know how overwatch beats csgo in best esports game
I tried it with the snub and didn't get the execution then tried it with a nade and it worked, weird.
Is it deer season already?
*Fushigi Yuugi: Genbu Kaiden*
Draw dicks on his face with permanent marker.
Not sure who that is anymore.
:P
Ahhh I get ya
Finland
Worked, but it's lagging like hell...
Yup!
Also store chicken tastes like shit
This is why we can fire people.
Yeah, where I live brodozers and rolling coal is king so you can buy diesel most everywhere.
r/the_donald is leaking
When bourgeois scum
my kitchen doesn't have an exhaust fan of any kind :[
No
Instead of a rover for the poles we should send solar powered drones =D
I hope this is satire
I haven't lived in Mass since he got the job.
Or both
I haven't been able to watch a single game on nfl mobile in almost 2 years, it never works for me for some reason.
FC, wireless, SDN, NFV I suppose - but I have a vested interest in all of this so you know, take it with a grain of salt.
McCree
You don't think it's weird that half the management of an IT company knows nothing about IT?
Can you go negative?
Got em fast feet boi
I like kyle
Underrated comment
Poem for your sprog
Crisis of confidence, I think.
You are not perfect...
Wear it with your concealed carry
Thank God someone set him straight!
How are they not material design?
It's your responsibility to vote for a candidate which will best defend and protect the rights for all citizens, stein, Bernie and johnson will not garnish enough votes for that..... so it's really Clinton vs trump.... Trump would soon be referred to as "dear leader"
A WHITE FUCKIN MALE is out to destroy 2 strong, independent women who just want to help America.
Is that Silicon Valley the TV show or The Valley, the amateur film made by a young Peter Jackson?
It lists the mileage... I'm so tempted to inquire.
Well, they own Tumblr.
She willingly did that to herself.
Is it bad that I've never gotten a sextuple kill?
How wonderfully, obliviously hypocritical.
So then we can agree that Comey is an upstanding tower of justice and should not be denigrated by the Democrats?
I'm sure the person who made it like that did some sort of coding that automates the process using the schedule + logo images.
\#SPORTSCLICHE
At least Dade is in LPL
I would have said "When Code Grass S3 is announced" but s3 has been announced so I can't use that anymore :(
Indiana Jones and the crystal skull
Noon for us, but that's because we're an Advanced+ with other events outside of Magic.
You look like the love child of Zachary Morris and that trailer park girl he didn't want anyone to find out about
Fair and I bet if he would have included a classified piece separately in the email he could get the entire email blocked from public release
Battlefront
Or a "Your Welcome"
But I want it to charge Super fast!
Hard drive requirements tend to include extra space for the file unpacking.
Wife got a Forester over a Tiguan a few months ago.
yea cause Kobbe was so much better
what's the secret?
You just said it was due to anxiety?
And then looked at... WHATEVER YOU CALL THAT!
loads of chinese syndras go it for the extra dmg on ionia
115 from black ops 1 zombies
also because*
Were those who boycotted South Africa and only South Africa, where they considered racist?
Twitter yesterday.
Play with my boobs
I feel like the gay only one would have the best cakes, so this would backfire on the rest of us.
Not trying to be a dick, you can shit-talk all you want, just on first timers and novices usually being positive is a better approach, or at-least being neutral, novii in my experience are soft af.
Grew up in the center...can confirm it is like Alabama.
I upvoted it 3 times cause its posted 3 times
I'm not following your explanation re: the law in those situations.
Didn't end too well for him.
Why did you delete it?
I feel like these have been lacking the last few weeks, esp the jets one, but I'm loving this one
They were BFF not literal brothers.
If gamboa works out I doubt he'll be back.
For the west lul
Vat da faack?
solo ult, what a scrub
Well that's a good thing I guess!
They've got nothing on Turk and JD from Scrubs.
Stood up on a stage in a club in Shanghai and was dancing with a friend until the place closed and it was just a bunch of old Chinese people staring at us who eventually kicked us out.
something you afraid might leak about you Marco?
Programming level 99
Malwarebytes didn't find anything either and my popup blocker is enabled
Troll twitter account
oh, *growth* hormones.
That's exactly what I meant.
I still think the recipes for factories take way too much of quite rare materials
I saw a flat earth map and laughed my ass off because if you were to go west from california you'd hit the ice wall rather than asia
*The paranoid survive*
Try laning against Caitlyn/MF/Jhin/Jinx.
Yeah sorry about that.
this was submitted one day ago, you couldn't have found it, unless you stalk my posts.
How early game, before Abyss Watchers, before Vordt?
I think you have to use a grapefruit
rubbish and off the point
"Od-de dogg ass" By Polo Woof Lauren
And she got into Harvard.... wtf?
Not that I've noticed - do you have the volume cracked to full blast?
It affects their life in the same way someone of another race, color or religion would when ordering a cake from them.
If there was a court order for the wiretap then its admissible but if not then yes its the fruit of a poisoned tree.
We'll see soon enough.
I am sure shipping and handling will be over 50
Why is this a female only thing?
Honestly, its all going to be fine.
It gets around hexproof if you control one as well.
Big muscles
Let me guess, a 2016 ST that was purchased after July?
*SCREAMS IN AGONY*
Harambe is a meme, and he is dead.
"Something like that'
he is trying to tell you that he can't afford it so white people should give them up to the deprived black college students.
Ahh, the glorious american cuisine.
I heard that there was a firmware update that got rid of that issue.
Good Rexy.
Kira didn't get outclassed till Nyami came out :/ Medal rush.
Yeah, I just got a loan from them for this school year as a full time student.
Because people drive here.
*Better run better run, outrun my gun..*
ISIS == Radical Islam... just my assumption, but maybe she's been fighting radical Islam for that long?
wat
It wasn't an attack on the media it was a revenge killing that happened to take place at a news related field.
It's in South Korea though
Or be like most Kallari players and do nothing but wait around till someone is low health and take all the credit for the kill.
I play on stable 14 ping tho most of my friends are below 10 (i have the worst internet) so it's a really big difference for us
Hopefully I will never reach that level.
I'll admit it's an irrational fear.
For some reason my brain was seeing "QR Code" Rick Astley
Rossi is also damn quick in rally, he isn't just a motogp racer and has more promise than Werhlien in my opinion.
I'm saying that just because Trump says those things, it doesn't mean that his voters share the sentiment.
You won't be able to log in using your information before the launch happens.
He can draw it up so all you have to do is date it and mail it
I wonder if the new dispatch layer is capable of handling the legacy nvidia binaries?
bike theft is rampant everywhere because its easy to steal them.. most people that see someone stealing one just assumes it is theirs and they forgot the combo to the lock or key or something, as well as cops are dicks and often don't take bike theft seriously.
Try now.
Think the arc is considered to be infinite vertices.
I mean words are constructs, but I wouldn't call them spooks in that they exist for a real purpose that is practical.
Man, if only the DNC had this advice.
"Just" a two hour documentary about Boron?
Was going to link my roster but for some reason, possibly the shitty work broswer i have to use, i can't add characters to it lol
Teams should just perpetually keep us on the power play that way they shut us out every time!
Yea
Not interested, sorry
Well Nairo's Lucina has been getting some pretty big wins recently, too.
I for one welcome our Hate Toad overlords!
great offer!
Yes but the companies I listed are Singaporean and it's not like we have any other half decent E-Sports teams.
It's clearly a joke
2in1
There not going to say anything about skins in patch notes but I imagine its going to be added
So people hope when Twitter actually makes money, they get a return?
We have the hit TV show Empire.
Actually thought that's what the post was asking :/
I know but i've seen multiple times they revert bans on hijacked accounts, when i was banned i frst wanted my account back but i realised that wasnt happening, so maybe i was hacked, but how can i know if they don't reply to me :/ i had max security as well so i don't even bother with that anymore as well lol
Or while he's shitting into a bed pan
Obligatory: Who?
Hey mang, not my grandmaw, saw the picture on Twitter and thought I would post it here.
He probably just didn't want to read them because it's illegal to read them and only the news media can see them, duh.
**HATE**
One arm underneath you.
I'm too high for this shit
I miss my yellow loopers gl :( to whoever buy these babies
Inb4 'dont' and 'never' are TOP comments.
There's actually no point in this, as they're in the same universe and contain shoutouts to previous SciADV games (Chaos;Head shoutouts in Steins;Gate, and shoutouts to Steins;Gate (along with Nae being an actual character) in Robotics;Notes)
Nice way to show how out of touch you really are, saying problems with the car are mistakes.
Any rng based hero ;(
No
How'd they catch you?
Well, let's hope so.
Well, that was depressing.
According to the official Chelsea website there is.
I bought mine at full price and I still think it was worth it, if you're getting this at a discount I think you're getting a good bargain.
I only have 2 hands, so I put a small tape strip on my screen
Nope haha i was the one taking those uninspiringly crappy pictures
Refuse to accept a million dollars.
Or reheat it in the oven.
Said the under 2k post karma guy *expert*
Helldivers
Sure, but she has the intent to send them in the first place.
You deserve and execution!
No, we're all rendered on an N64.
OP, with regards to your username, I must see some proof in order to believe you.
Have fun cleaning the eggs and toilet paper off your walls
Who buys black play-doh?
They're slowing down but every now and then they buy another % or 2 of the shares... At this rate pretty soon they'll have to make a public offering because of french law.
Now Google follows you wherever you go...
Minoru Suzuki
Jimmie looks like the current favorite IMO
This subreddit is silly.
New best strat discovered
So he is just polarizing everything?
Yay.
NO NO NO we are supposed to spout toxic, hateful bs.
Because of potential belt contamination if I missclicked.
It's not like it's set in stone that it's going to fail... the previous poll proved that having ~70% sub 10k votes isn't a death sentence.
dont forget post rock
I knew I'd get a kick out of posting this here
Thank you!
where?
PSN is Csmal1992
"You have small cock"
probably because his brother is a big deal!
But it's known that this is not the case since its never been in previous CoDs.
-x-3 = -14(x/14+3/14)+0 GCD(x^(4)-x^(3)-x^(2)-1,x^(3)-1) = -14 or, equivalently, 1.
Shhhhhhhhhhhit
Black Friday of next year probably
You keep saying exorte, I let it slide first time but now you are really grinding my gears.
I know, it fits lore, they could just pick better bodyparts I think.. I hope they at least re-make him into full tank with better options.
Yea VPN works.
That's how he's bringing jobs back to America!
It is 100% shitty fantasy booking
What he said
True, but that also costs a couple of cards
Tiny hands can't hit the keys on his phone
Isn't it Cyka bylat?
Same issue here... my ISP is AT&amp;T. UPVOTED FOR VISIBILITY.
Go ahead, stating a fact isn't against the rules.
Thanks!
What year did you move out of Poway?
Hot
well, id like to see more unturned fan-art, specially npc-related.
I dont get it
I'm with you
Yes they can, all they'd have to do is kill someone to save someone else's life like Jealous did.
You're probably not druid master race.
28 people to learn that places like Canada don't just let anyone in
Pretty sure it's been posted
Looks like the A380.
She shoulda had lemonade on her crotch
Have you bound your pistol on mouse wheel?
Imagine showing that to someone a little over a year ago.
I don't pay attention to her, but as long as she's legal I wouldn't kick her out of bed (before she took a load)
But they'll have all those reviews!
Lube up and take it?
Roger is such a good owner
Frankly she doesn't act like she cares now.
A clip of two people yellign at each other is not only a waste of memory, it's a waste of my time, bandwidth, and the attention of anyone coming to this sub to see a reasonable article / source.
But what if those statistics get hidden due to process?
But Flacco is elite...
If a post is shit, does that make it a shit post?
You being bad at the game has nothing to do with the developers.
You can put your weed in there
Fear shit we dont know about booooo
But I wanted to upgrade to a 4k TV with my $500 tax refund Trump was going to give me to distract me from him shoveling our nation's resources into corporate America's pockets :(
Same
Username checks out
Oh definitely: he's too liberal for the ultra-orthodox
Nah, woox just abused a glitch to make him immortal, bug abusing is bannable
Pussy
You can get a dirt rally steam cd key for $15 I bought my copy at $19
Canada has changed and the us changed drastically from Bush to Obama.
Are they actually any different then regular hanes?
True, fooking white people
Why did you not provide any proof or comparison?
Vayne
Not for bespoke.
Ah yes because so many of us remember the 60s
Damn you're on the same level as my mage, he's got sephuz and the blink shield chest...
This doesn't necessarily mean those actors got the information in time, just that one call was made out to an organization somewhere a month prior.
I find it extremely hard to believe Republicans will end up backing marijuana before the Democrats.
Ahh the offseason.. where people try to make the next meme.
Aren't we all?
Judging by the (mostly small) polls on the subreddit, it's the haters who are the minority, but it's pretty close.
Hey Fukuoka, Fuk U Oka^y
What's the point then?
gold for you
I cannot afford BF1 because of that plaid-covered monster.
Young Santa Claus?
This guy gets it.
I just pack all the water on the back of my camel.
Company went public 36 hours later.
Lol someone can't aim with a crossy
Eww the Mac in the background
it really does
You can't expect the Knicks to make the playoffs let alone a top 5 seed.
The fact we are arming "rebels" linked to AQ is fucking disgusting.
I don't think you can see that nobody is there from a few hundred metres away
yeah, like the president is a big deal!
Depends on how many people I piss off online any given day.
How would Trump make money from drilling 8n the arctic?
Is Nvidia falling to AMD level bad drivers or something?
For those too lazy to read it dont, its too long and this guy doesnt understand what lazy is
If anything, this thread is proof that it's no longer the 1980s and the Democrats no longer champion the homeless.
No, he did not.
Sounds like you're making assumptions that cannot be proven.
as if the weebs who like yasuo have any money, they've probably spent it all on naruto body pillows and onaholes
So Obama used a false chemical weapons report to start a proxy war with Russia?
well in that case, warhammer with all the DLC, and i mean ALL.
Fuck YOU
Page 13 - After two babies, or five years of marriage, whichever comes first, mommy and daddy will completely stop doing steps 3-5, except on their anniversary or when Daddy's secretary gets fired again.
This sub is for open ended questions, not yes or no questions, *even If you say "why or why not"*
Out of curiosity what does it do?
Tf does that have to do with popping dolphins and bagels
Because society tells them to our they're not cool.
You do know west teams play against west teams more than east teams right?
Such a shitty meme.
Stack them and they take up ~3sqft...That's not a lot of space.
At the rate of Hillary emails, "future president" doesnt even need to be prefaced anymore...
My comment very similar to this went down a fucking storm when this first happened.
Meh, my upper body blows his away.
And it's printed as such that it works the way it does
Matthews got 4 goals and his team got a point, that equals 5
This meme isn't funny none of the "new york nigga" ones are.
such an insufferable twat.
How am I supposed to fap then?
Clinton?
Cough cough cough
Casual is great and the rebalances were amazing.